Add cloud deployment cleanup Script (#275)
aws-greengrass/aws-greengrass-testing: tools/cloud_deployment_cleanup/README.md

# Cloud Deployment Cleanup Script

> Is a tool to cleanup the revision of a deployment targeted to one thing group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script cleans the revisions of a deployment targeted to one thing group.
```

> For the tool to be efficient and working the deployment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the tool to work correctly, the deployment:
```

> - Must not be a duplicate with the same name but different thing group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Must not have a duplicate with the same name but different thing group
```

> - Have different name on different revisions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Must have different names on different revisions
```

## How to execute

> You can execute the script by exporting the AWS credentials to the shell and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can execute the script by exporting the AWS credentials for the target account in your shell and
```

> then running the following command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then run the following command:
```

```
chmod +x ./cloud_deployment_cleanup.sh

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ./cloud_deployment_cleanup.sh [Replace Deployment Name Here]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
./cloud_deployment_cleanup.sh "<name of deployment>"
```
